Leachate may diffuse through the GM and enter the underlying natural
The target contaminant pathway continues through the GM to the
The existing unsaturated-liner analytical solution consists of two
Functions in the existing solution's sums must be evaluated with a
Coupled concentration equations for the geomembrane and soil liner
Robin-type condition at the top of the unsaturated soil liner
Exponential water-content profile through the soil liner
Retardation-aware soil transport equation and Robin condition
Complementary-error-function expression for unsaturated-soil
Transient hydraulic-head model for the soil liner
Explicit finite-difference concentration model
Good agreement between the two concentration distributions
Reported concentration-profile agreement across unsaturated-exponent
Shorter contaminant migration distance for larger Ru
Normalized concentration sensitivity Xk
Differential importance measure DIMk for each parameter
Five VOC concentration series measured at 0.09 m
Digitized time-concentration observations for five VOCs
Estimated Ru Sg Du Dg and unsaturated-exponent values
SEE and ME values for each VOC fit
For the selected bench-scale datasets the present analytical solution